Hello dear friends, swami
marakasi you watch the show chic
position issue 56
first location is on
reworked map of northern
squared g3 and you need a quick
tank preferably with a strong tower also
you should be pushed here enough
I think of one ally to find
anyone not a problem and this place
very curious here you can do
many useful things worth noting that
here there is such a small bump
which allows you to hide the case and
tank tower thanks for this map
deed well and from here you shoot it
direction where enemies most often attack
that is, there is always someone to shoot and
This of course is an obvious plus as well you
it will be difficult to punch if your tank
strong tower well and in general you are
here you can completely hide
tank and this is of course very cool but there is
big drawback and it lies in
that is likely here and takes out Orton
therefore, this position is only valid if
she's not here
next one I'm very strong too
I like it on the map
tundra squared b2 and here it is necessary
need a smart tank to come here
at the same time without the help of allies that is very
even well, well, it is desirable to have an exact
and piercing gun to shoot
effectively from afar and this position
great for a sniper from here you
be able to shoot through extensive
territory besides to enemies is pretty
long distance therefore light up once
it will be difficult but if it is still a light bulb
light up then you can hide behind
a small mountain of disadvantages is worth
note that if opponents will not
they will not be substituted then you
maybe just stay here and not
cause damage which of course will upset
any 100 you 100 also a disadvantage
we can assume that you shoot at
someone else's light and therefore you are given
to this
same experience but in principle for cardboard
tank is a minor flaw
because he is better off
somewhere in a safe place and
shoot the enemy from afar
realize your exact and penetrative
weapon and I think tactics for such
tanks excellent next point goes on
a steppe map in j3 square and better there
just ride a fast tank with a good one
disguise for example on hellcat and well or
on some other similar tanks from here
you can shoot through
territory but at the same time when the light is great
a chance of being dealt a lot at once
damage and it's certainly dangerous also this
place is perfect for defa square
edge one where opponents can attack
you can hide your body and you will
pull out the towers here and of course
it is worth remembering that on the center of the enemy
no one should be ready for you to be
just keep shooting because
the distance here is small and the chance
shine high in such a case
Overall, this place is ambiguous with one
parties here can be good at shooting with
the other can be very dangerous
then we have a dot on the map hidden
village squared b 9 and best
go there on a fast tank with strong
the tower for example on the t-62a stand next to
this stone and here you can at the expense of it
great tank tower well
Naturally there are many opponents and you
You can well pamper this one
the stone allows you to completely hide your
tank so as not to risk once again well
Naturally you will be pierced here very
hard and every shot which
opponents will do for you is not no strikes
your allies will give you the opportunity
shoot them deal damage to everything
why should I add that here you are
shoot at your light it means
what gives you a decent amount of experience
it's always good and of the minuses
note that here and takes out Orton probably
better not to go here if the arts are many and
given too dangerous and
and it is also worth noting that if
opponents will not go to this flank or
they will just be there and paint somewhere
tone the usefulness of this place is greatly
reduced and so is it a personal point which
allows you to go and well
And it's always fun.
next is the point on lasville map
squared q 0 and here you can go almost to
any heavy tank that is strong
you must break the sides here
fences become like this and
you can tank here with a tower and also
the very same opponent
it will be difficult to damage you and you
You can calmly shoot at them and
go to reload shelter tactics
interesting for a heavy tank well
suitable from the pros is also worth noting
that he lacks art well and you
hold back enemies here they are there
will shoot with you wait for you
thus during this time your allies
may go to the enemies in the rear and you
you can safely disassemble them well and
this is all friends thank you so much
I hope you watched this video
liked do not forget to subscribe
on the channel and put likes I wish you all
the very best with you was maracasi up
see you soon friends bye